it ai n't the fust toss as tim 'as won
"Very," said Alice. "Where's the Duchess?""Hush! Hush!" said the Rabbit. "She's under sentence of execution.""What for?" said Alice.
good night my child .
That's not what I meant.
Why are you here?
nothing certainly if he wrote them .
do you know i do n't think i can .
and wheres your friend mr . tige ?
you would break open the prefect 's door !
You're wrong about that.
I think I'm ready to go back to bed
Alice caught the baby with some difficulty, as it was a queer-shapedlittle creature and held out its arms and legs in all directions. "If Idon't take this child away with me," thought Alice, "they're sure tokill it in a day or two. Wouldn't it be murder to leave it behind?" Shesaid the last words out loud and the little thing grunted in reply.
"Nor I," said the March Hare.
The King then read from his book: "Rule forty-two. _All persons morethan a mile high to leave the court_.""_I'm_ not a mile high," said Alice.
Just a minute.
"I wish I had Dinah, our cat, here!" said Alice. This caused aremarkable sensation among the party. Some of the birds hurried off atonce, and a Canary called out in a trembling voice, to its children,"Come away, my dears! It's high time you were all in bed!" On variouspretexts they all moved off and Alice was soon left alone.
The King turned pale and shut his note-book hastily. "Consider yourverdict," he said to the jury, in a low, trembling voice.
The players all played at once, without waiting for turns, quarrellingall the while and fighting for the hedgehogs; and in a very short time,the Queen was in a furious passion and went stamping about and shouting,"Off with his head!" or "Off with her head!" about once in a minute.
it 's stained with blood too
i 'd like beach sand better though
May I go with you?
you think he is alive then ?
Get off my case.
Where do you live?
a young wife and an infant son
Alice replied, rather shyly, "I--I hardly know, sir, just at present--atleast I know who I _was_ when I got up this morning, but I think I musthave changed several times since then.""What do you mean by that?" said the Caterpillar, sternly. "Explainyourself!""I can't explain _myself_, I'm afraid, sir," said Alice, "because I'mnot myself, you see--being so many different sizes in a day is veryconfusing." She drew herself up and said very gravely, "I think youought to tell me who _you_ are, first.""Why?" said the Caterpillar.
i did n't mean to
How are you doing?
"No," said the Caterpillar.
keep them in the woods and stay with them .
Everything is so out-of-the-way down here that I should think verylikely it can talk; at any rate, there's no harm in trying." So shebegan, "O Mouse, do you know the way out of this pool? I am very tiredof swimming about here, O Mouse!" The Mouse looked at her ratherinquisitively and seemed to her to wink with one of its little eyes, butit said nothing.
good gracious ! where ?
Next came an angry voice--the Rabbit's--"Pat! Pat! Where are you?" Andthen a voice she had never heard before, "Sure then, I'm here! Diggingfor apples, yer honor!""Here! Come and help me out of this! Now tell me, Pat, what's that inthe window?""Sure, it's an arm, yer honor!""Well, it's got no business there, at any rate; go and take it away!"There was a long silence after this and Alice could only hear whispersnow and then, and at last she spread out her hand again and made anothersnatch in the air. This time there were _two_ little shrieks and moresounds of broken glass. "I wonder what they'll do next!" thought Alice.
then we can boil our milk on him .
blast yer hies what want yer ?
Wait for me.
"Get to your places!" shouted the Queen in a voice of thunder, andpeople began running about in all directions, tumbling up against eachother. However, they got settled down in a minute or two, and the gamebegan.
"I've had nothing yet," Alice replied in an offended tone, "so I can'ttake more.""You mean you can't take _less_," said the Hatter; "it's very easy totake _more_ than nothing."At this, Alice got up and walked off. The Dormouse fell asleep instantlyand neither of the others took the least notice of her going, though shelooked back once or twice; the last time she saw them, they weretrying to put the Dormouse into the tea-pot.
That's easy for you to say.
i know has he had a job since frank ?
mr . crotin has shot himself sir
I'm going to start over.
do n't worry . i 'll get along somehow .
well i ca n't say just that .
I had to go back
Help me move this.
No, no, no.
all right andybetter luck next time
cruiskeen lawn .
and no one came ?
back my father 's got more money than yours
so much beauty ! so much happiness !
the teacher is a fool
Alice had not gone much farther before she came in sight of the house ofthe March Hare; it was so large a house that she did not like to go neartill she had nibbled some more of the left-hand bit of mushroom.
The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel for some way and thendipped suddenly down, so suddenly that Alice had not a moment to thinkabout stopping herself before she found herself falling down what seemedto be a very deep well.
"Read them," he added, turning to the White Rabbit.
The Hatter opened his eyes very wide on hearing this, but all he saidwas "Why is a raven like a writing-desk?""I'm glad they've begun asking riddles--I believe I can guess that," sheadded aloud.
The first thing she heard was a general chorus of "There goes Bill!"then the Rabbit's voice alone--"Catch him, you by the hedge!" Thensilence and then another confusion of voices--"Hold up his head--Brandynow--Don't choke him--What happened to you?"Last came a little feeble, squeaking voice, "Well, I hardly know--Nomore, thank ye. I'm better now--all I know is, something comes at melike a Jack-in-the-box and up I goes like a sky-rocket!"After a minute or two of silence, they began moving about again, andAlice heard the Rabbit say, "A barrowful will do, to begin with.""A barrowful of _what_?" thought Alice. But she had not long to doubt,for the next moment a shower of little pebbles came rattling in at thewindow and some of them hit her in the face. Alice noticed, with somesurprise, that the pebbles were all turning into little cakes as theylay on the floor and a bright idea came into her head. "If I eat one ofthese cakes," she thought, "it's sure to make _some_ change in my size."So she swallowed one of the cakes and was delighted to find that shebegan shrinking directly. As soon as she was small enough to get throughthe door, she ran out of the house and found quite a crowd of littleanimals and birds waiting outside. They all made a rush at Alice themoment she appeared, but she ran off as hard as she could and soon foundherself safe in a thick wood.
The next witness was the Duchess's cook. She carried the pepper-box inher hand and the people near the door began sneezing all at once.
"_Are_ you to get in at all?" said the Footman. "That's the firstquestion, you know."Alice opened the door and went in. The door led right into a largekitchen, which was full of smoke from one end to the other; the Duchesswas sitting on a three-legged stool in the middle, nursing a baby; thecook was leaning over the fire, stirring a large caldron which seemed tobe full of soup.
well this matter must be fully investigated
"Perhaps it doesn't understand English," thought Alice. "I dare say it'sa French mouse, come over with William the Conqueror." So she beganagain: "Ou est ma chatte?" which was the first sentence in her Frenchlesson-book. The Mouse gave a sudden leap out of the water and seemed toquiver all over with fright. "Oh, I beg your pardon!" cried Alicehastily, afraid that she had hurt the poor animal's feelings. "I quiteforgot you didn't like cats.""Not like cats!" cried the Mouse in a shrill, passionate voice. "Would_you_ like cats, if you were me?""Well, perhaps not," said Alice in a soothing tone; "don't be angryabout it. And yet I wish I could show you our cat Dinah. I think you'dtake a fancy to cats, if you could only see her. She is such a dear,quiet thing." The Mouse was bristling all over and she felt certain itmust be really offended. "We won't talk about her any more, if you'drather not.""We, indeed!" cried the Mouse, who was trembling down to the end of itstail. "As if _I_ would talk on such a subject! Our family always _hated_cats--nasty, low, vulgar things! Don't let me hear the name again!""I won't indeed!" said Alice, in a great hurry to change the subject ofconversation. "Are you--are you fond--of--of dogs? There is such a nicelittle dog near our house, I should like to show you! It kills all therats and--oh, dear!" cried Alice in a sorrowful tone. "I'm afraid I'veoffended it again!" For the Mouse was swimming away from her as hard asit could go, and making quite a commotion in the pool as it went.
What is that?
"Here! You may nurse it a bit, if you like!" the Duchess said to Alice,flinging the baby at her as she spoke. "I must go and get ready to playcroquet with the Queen," and she hurried out of the room.
not explicitly but i have heard
Soon her eye fell on a little glass box that was lying under the table:Alice, "and if it makes me grow larger, I can reach the key; and if itmakes me grow smaller, I can creep under the door: so either way I'llget into the garden, and I don't care which happens!"She ate a little bit and said anxiously to herself, "Which way? Whichway?" holding her hand on the top of her head to feel which way she wasgrowing; and she was quite surprised to find that she remained the samesize. So she set to work and very soon finished off the cake.
"I won't!" said Alice.
I don't think so.
but he says you have got all the things
yes he 'll have gone by now
What's for lunch (breakfast,dinner)?
I don't understand.
kindness costs nothing .
oh get out of the way cant you ?
Alice went timidly up to the door and knocked.
I think that?
you will phone us then ?
art hurt thompson ?
Alice thought she had never seen such a curious croquet-ground in herlife; it was all ridges and furrows. The croquet balls were livehedgehogs, and the mallets live flamingos and the soldiers had to doublethemselves up and stand on their hands and feet, to make the arches.
without leaving off ?
Where is (name)?
where is his studio ?
Alice thought she might as well go back and see how the game was goingon. So she went off in search of her hedgehog. The hedgehog was engagedin a fight with another hedgehog, which seemed to Alice an excellentopportunity for croqueting one of them with the other; the onlydifficulty was that her flamingo was gone across to the other side ofthe garden, where Alice could see it trying, in a helpless sort of way,to fly up into a tree. She caught the flamingo and tucked it away underher arm, that it might not escape again.
What's up/what's new?
"As wet as ever," said Alice in a melancholy tone; "it doesn't seem todry me at all.""In that case," said the Dodo solemnly, rising to its feet, "I move thatthe meeting adjourn, for the immediate adoption of more energeticremedies--""Speak English!" said the Eaglet. "I don't know the meaning of halfthose long words, and, what's more, I don't believe you do either!""What I was going to say," said the Dodo in an offended tone, "is thatthe best thing to get us dry would be a Caucus-race.""What _is_ a Caucus-race?" said Alice.
climb roger trevanion
for a week .
What are you looking for?
Someday I want to
You 'll have to go.
That was the voice machine talking, not me.
my story is a romance mon histoire est un roman
What is next?
"There's no sort of use in knocking," said the Footman, "and that fortwo reasons. First, because I'm on the same side of the door as you are;secondly, because they're making such a noise inside, no one couldpossibly hear you." And certainly there _was_ a most extraordinary noisegoing on within--a constant howling and sneezing, and every now and thena great crash, as if a dish or kettle had been broken to pieces.
I doubt that.
hope you may die ?
I don't have to go
You're right about that.
Let me see that.
"Who cares for _you_?" said Alice (she had grown to her full size bythis time). "You're nothing but a pack of cards!"At this, the whole pack rose up in the air and came flying down uponher; she gave a little scream, half of fright and half of anger, andtried to beat them off, and found herself lying on the bank, with herhead in the lap of her sister, who was gently brushing away some deadleaves that had fluttered down from the trees upon her face.
All the time they were playing, the Queen never left off quarreling withthe other players and shouting, "Off with his head!" or "Off with herhead!" By the end of half an hour or so, all the players, except theKing, the Queen and Alice, were in custody of the soldiers and undersentence of execution.
i 'm not exactly at liberty to state .
where ? where ?
i should n't lay stress on yourclearing out .
"Let's go on with the game," the Queen said to Alice; and Alice was toomuch frightened to say a word, but slowly followed her back to thecroquet-ground.
this is senator crane . put porter on .
he did n't !
denkmaler deutscher poesie und prosa 812 jahrh .
what brought you into the mountainsare you tourists ?
On this, the White Rabbit blew three blasts on the trumpet, thenunrolled the parchment-scroll and read as follows:"The Queen of Hearts, she made some tarts,All on a summer day;The Knave of Hearts, he stole those tartsAnd took them quite away!""Call the first witness," said the King; and the White Rabbit blew threeblasts on the trumpet and called out, "First witness!"The first witness was the Hatter. He came in with a teacup in one handand a piece of bread and butter in the other.
heavens madame ! are you alone in this mob ?
sure i must give myself up
Would you help me with my coat?
why could n't she ?
I've been think about?
May I have something to drink (eat).
"You don't know much," said the Duchess, "and that's a fact."Just then the cook took the caldron of soup off the fire, and at onceset to work throwing everything within her reach at the Duchess and thebaby--the fire-irons came first; then followed a shower of saucepans,plates and dishes. The Duchess took no notice of them, even when theyhit her, and the baby was howling so much already that it was quiteimpossible to say whether the blows hurt it or not.
the sound of steps that come !
"I'm _not_ a serpent!" said Alice indignantly. "Let me alone!""I've tried the roots of trees, and I've tried banks, and I've triedhedges," the Pigeon went on, "but those serpents! There's no pleasingthem!"Alice was more and more puzzled.
"There's certainly too much pepper in that soup!" Alice said to herself,as well as she could for sneezing. Even the Duchess sneezedoccasionally; and as for the baby, it was sneezing and howlingalternately without a moment's pause. The only two creatures in thekitchen that did _not_ sneeze were the cook and a large cat, which wasgrinning from ear to ear.
It's the pits.
The King looked anxiously at the White Rabbit, who said, in a low voice,"Your Majesty must cross-examine _this_ witness.""Well, if I must, I must," the King said. "What are tarts made of?""Pepper, mostly," said the cook.
how is dominico ?
the whole crew does not despair surely ?
love me i will love you .
oh no that is not necessary
You better believe it.
When do we go?
At last the Caterpillar took the hookah out of its mouth and addressedAlice in a languid, sleepy voice.
but really i do n't see why !
The Fish-Footman began by producing from under his arm a great letter,and this he handed over to the other, saying, in a solemn tone, "For theDuchess. An invitation from the Queen to play croquet." TheFrog-Footman repeated, in the same solemn tone, "From the Queen. Aninvitation for the Duchess to play croquet." Then they both bowed lowand their curls got entangled together.
i have nothing for you go away !
In my room
However, when they had been running half an hour or so and were quitedry again, the Dodo suddenly called out, "The race is over!" and theyall crowded 'round it, panting and asking, "But who has won?"This question the Dodo could not answer without a great deal of thought.
do you know the handwriting on that paper ?
You're right about that.
[Illustration: "The Duchess tucked her arm affectionately intoAlice's."]"The first thing I've got to do," said Alice to herself, as shewandered about in the wood, "is to grow to my right size again; and thesecond thing is to find my way into that lovely garden. I suppose Iought to eat or drink something or other, but the great question is'What?'"Alice looked all around her at the flowers and the blades of grass, butshe could not see anything that looked like the right thing to eat ordrink under the circumstances. There was a large mushroom growing nearher, about the same height as herself. She stretched herself up ontiptoe and peeped over the edge and her eyes immediately met those of alarge blue caterpillar, that was sitting on the top, with its armsfolded, quietly smoking a long hookah and taking not the smallest noticeof her or of anything else.
"Ahem!" said the Mouse with an important air. "Are you all ready? Thisis the driest thing I know. Silence all 'round, if you please! 'Williamthe Conqueror, whose cause was favored by the pope, was soon submittedto by the English, who wanted leaders, and had been of late muchaccustomed to usurpation and conquest. Edwin and Morcar, the Earls ofMercia and Northumbria'--""Ugh!" said the Lory, with a shiver.
Where are you going?
Quit your bitchin'.
look like cowboys too
Put that here
we are soldiers ve belong mit der army .
command me in any way you choose .
you should have been a guide on a sightseeing bus
I'm sure that's right.
have you practiced leaping ellen ?
I want a hug (kiss).
what do you know ?
dolly varden 's visit to miss haredale barnaby rudge
what peace !
You're pulling my leg.
She was a good deal frightened by this very sudden change, as she wasshrinking rapidly; so she set to work at once to eat some of the otherbit. Her chin was pressed so closely against her foot that there washardly room to open her mouth; but she did it at last and managed toswallow a morsel of the left-hand bit....
oh my god you 've found him now !
Alice took up the fan and gloves and she kept fanning herself all thetime she went on talking. "Dear, dear! How queer everything is to-day!
Help me put this on.
the knowledge that you 're alive gives me no pleasure
Alice was very glad to find her in such a pleasant temper. She was alittle startled, however, when she heard the voice of the Duchess closeto her ear. "You're thinking about something, my dear, and that makesyou forget to talk.""The game's going on rather better now," Alice said, by way of keepingup the conversation a little.
For some minutes the whole court was in confusion and by the time theyhad settled down again, the cook had disappeared.
got a pretty good claim ?
"Why, _she_, of course," said the Dodo, pointing to Alice with onefinger; and the whole party at once crowded 'round her, calling out, ina confused way, "Prizes! Prizes!"Alice had no idea what to do, and in despair she put her hand into herpocket and pulled out a box of comfits (luckily the salt-water had notgot into it) and handed them 'round as prizes. There was exactly onea-piece, all 'round.
For a minute or two she stood looking at the house, when suddenly afootman in livery came running out of the wood (judging by his faceonly, she would have called him a fish)--and rapped loudly at the doorwith his knuckles. It was opened by another footman in livery, with around face and large eyes like a frog.
The King and Queen of Hearts were seated on their throne when theyarrived, with a great crowd assembled about them--all sorts of littlebirds and beasts, as well as the whole pack of cards: the Knave wasstanding before them, in chains, with a soldier on each side to guardhim; and near the King was the White Rabbit, with a trumpet in one handand a scroll of parchment in the other. In the very middle of the courtwas a table, with a large dish of tarts upon it. "I wish they'd get thetrial done," Alice thought, "and hand 'round the refreshments!"The judge, by the way, was the King and he wore his crown over his greatwig. "That's the jury-box," thought Alice; "and those twelve creatures(some were animals and some were birds) I suppose they are the jurors."Just then the White Rabbit cried out "Silence in the court!""Herald, read the accusation!" said the King.
I don't get it.
do you want to serve ?
i should indeed sir
i insist upon knowing where you have concealed my apprentice
jill we 're seeing the birth of a world .
you fill me with alarm my good gonzaga
At last it said, "_Everybody_ has won, and _all_ must have prizes.""But who is to give the prizes?" quite a chorus of voices asked.
you 're not telling me much .
You wanna bet.
you didnt help any .
i told him ?
i think you were real horrid
Ah, now I see.
"Nearly two miles high," said the Queen.
"You're a _very_ poor _speaker_," said the King.
I am going home
but we just matched so nicely daddy .
"Is that all?" said Alice, swallowing down her anger as well as shecould.
"No, I'll look first," she said, "and see whether it's marked '_poison_'or not," for she had never forgotten that, if you drink from a bottlemarked "poison," it is almost certain to disagree with you, sooner orlater. However, this bottle was _not_ marked "poison," so Alice venturedto taste it, and, finding it very nice (it had a sort of mixed flavor ofcherry-tart, custard, pineapple, roast turkey, toffy and hot butteredtoast), she very soon finished it off.
Who said so?
Come talk with me.
oh say does he still live ?
you might have done something with that
by invitation of those most concerned monsieur
is your teacher capable of scolding ?
What's happening now?
they were bold words
therein you are right as you always are .
The next thing was to eat the comfits; this caused some noise andconfusion, as the large birds complained that they could not tastetheirs, and the small ones choked and had to be patted on the back.
After a time, she heard a little pattering of feet in the distance andshe hastily dried her eyes to see what was coming. It was the WhiteRabbit returning, splendidly dressed, with a pair of white kid-gloves inone hand and a large fan in the other. He came trotting along in agreat hurry, muttering to himself, "Oh! the Duchess, the Duchess! Oh!
When do we eat?
that the duchess is a cat
Where did that come from?
are there many wild beasts there ?
"Never mind!" said the King, "call the next witness."Alice watched the White Rabbit as he fumbled over the list. Imagine hersurprise when he read out, at the top of his shrill little voice, thename "Alice!""Here!" cried Alice. She jumped up in such a hurry that she tipped overthe jury-box, upsetting all the jurymen on to the heads of the crowdbelow.
Practice makes perfect
It was the White Rabbit, trotting slowly back again and lookinganxiously about as it went, as if it had lost something; Alice heard itmuttering to itself, "The Duchess! The Duchess! Oh, my dear paws! Oh, myfur and whiskers! She'll get me executed, as sure as ferrets areferrets! Where _can_ I have dropped them, I wonder?" Alice guessed in amoment that it was looking for the fan and the pair of white kid-glovesand she very good-naturedly began hunting about for them, but they werenowhere to be seen--everything seemed to have changed since her swim inthe pool, and the great hall, with the glass table and the little door,had vanished completely.
By the way
come look at me !
are you sure you 'll get in buddy ?
"You're looking for eggs, I know _that_ well enough," said the Pigeon;"and what does it matter to me whether you're a little girl or aserpent?""It matters a good deal to _me_," said Alice hastily; "but I'm notlooking for eggs, as it happens, and if I was, I shouldn't want_yours_--I don't like them raw.""Well, be off, then!" said the Pigeon in a sulky tone, as it settleddown again into its nest. Alice crouched down among the trees as well asshe could, for her neck kept getting entangled among the branches, andevery now and then she had to stop and untwist it. After awhile sheremembered that she still held the pieces of mushroom in her hands, andshe set to work very carefully, nibbling first at one and then at theother, and growing sometimes taller and sometimes shorter, until she hadsucceeded in bringing herself down to her usual height.
you were following my tracks ?
we named this place well it is a monster .
madame you can not enter .
Fine, how are you.
uncle henry ! uncle henry !
"No, I give it up," Alice replied. "What's the answer?""I haven't the slightest idea," said the Hatter.
How do you know?
yes i insist upon it . what next ?
"Please come back and finish your story!" Alice called after it. And theothers all joined in chorus, "Yes, please do!" But the Mouse only shookits head impatiently and walked a little quicker.
What have you been up to?
Go jump in the lake.
"As for pulling me out of the window, I only wish they _could_!"She waited for some time without hearing anything more. At last came arumbling of little cart-wheels and the sound of a good many voices alltalking together. She made out the words: "Where's the other ladder?
"Please would you tell me," said Alice, a little timidly, "why your catgrins like that?""It's a Cheshire-Cat," said the Duchess, "and that's why.""I didn't know that Cheshire-Cats always grinned; in fact, I didn't knowthat cats _could_ grin," said Alice.
"Call the next witness!" said the King.
Who programmed this voice machine?
Just at this moment Alice felt a very curious sensation--she wasbeginning to grow larger again.
After awhile, finding that nothing more happened, she decided on goinginto the garden at once; but, alas for poor Alice! When she got to thedoor, she found she had forgotten the little golden key, and when shewent back to the table for it, she found she could not possibly reachit: she could see it quite plainly through the glass and she tried herbest to climb up one of the legs of the table, but it was too slippery,and when she had tired herself out with trying, the poor little thingsat down and cried.
They were indeed a queer-looking party that assembled on the bank--thebirds with draggled feathers, the animals with their fur clinging closeto them, and all dripping wet, cross and uncomfortable.
yours thortfully timotheus simpkins .
Did you see?
I don't know where it is
"There's more evidence to come yet, please Your Majesty," said the WhiteRabbit, jumping up in a great hurry. "This paper has just been pickedup. It seems to be a letter written by the prisoner to--to somebody." Heunfolded the paper as he spoke and added, "It isn't a letter, after all;it's a set of verses.""Please, Your Majesty," said the Knave, "I didn't write it and theycan't prove that I did; there's no name signed at the end.""You _must_ have meant some mischief, or else you'd have signed yourname like an honest man," said the King. There was a general clapping ofhands at this.
The miserable Hatter dropped his teacup and bread and butter and wentdown on one knee. "I'm a poor man, Your Majesty," he began.
what did he say ?
I'm not so sure.
"Would it be of any use, now," thought Alice, "to speak to this mouse?
where have you been today ?
why of course father !
do you recognize me ?
what has he done with them ?
"Curiouser and curiouser!" cried Alice (she was so much surprised thatfor the moment she quite forgot how to speak good English). "Now I'mopening out like the largest telescope that ever was! Good-by, feet! Oh,my poor little feet, I wonder who will put on your shoes and stockingsfor you now, dears? I shall be a great deal too far off to troublemyself about you."Just at this moment her head struck against the roof of the hall; infact, she was now rather more than nine feet high, and she at once tookup the little golden key and hurried off to the garden door.
oh no we are at sea .
and do let us hear it !
so far so good
yes well let 's see . the schuyler blunts ?
Sssss, I was trying to whistle.
"Sha'n't," said the cook.
Who are your looking for?
Can you understand me OK?
"'Tis so," said the Duchess; "and the moral of that is--'Oh, 'tis love,'tis love that makes the world go 'round!'""Somebody said," Alice whispered, "that it's done by everybody mindinghis own business!""Ah, well! It means much the same thing," said the Duchess, digging hersharp little chin into Alice's shoulder, as she added "and the moral of_that_ is--'Take care of the sense and the sounds will take care ofthemselves.'"To Alice's great surprise, the Duchess's arm that was linked into hersbegan to tremble. Alice looked up and there stood the Queen in front ofthem, with her arms folded, frowning like a thunderstorm!
what do you meanwhat 's wrong ?
Alice opened the door and found that it led into a small passage, notmuch larger than a rat-hole; she knelt down and looked along the passageinto the loveliest garden you ever saw. How she longed to get out ofthat dark hall and wander about among those beds of bright flowers andthose cool fountains, but she could not even get her head through thedoorway. "Oh," said Alice, "how I wish I could shut up like a telescope!
"Well, I sha'n't go, at any rate," said Alice.
You're wrong about that.
oh beriah !
say bill yuh never told me her name yet .
You look great (sad, tired).
in this business .
Who said so?
"Why," said the Dodo, "the best way to explain it is to do it." First itmarked out a race-course, in a sort of circle, and then all the partywere placed along the course, here and there. There was no "One, two,three and away!" but they began running when they liked and left offwhen they liked, so that it was not easy to know when the race was over.
Do you really think so?
fifteen thirty hullo ! nobby 's gone lame .
goodby im going .
How long will you be gone?
one two and three are climbing fast sir .
Is he gone?
When Alice next peeped out, the Fish-Footman was gone, and the other wassitting on the ground near the door, staring stupidly up into the sky.
"Keep your temper," said the Caterpillar.
You missed the boat.
Who are you talking about?
I'm sure that's right.
Bring that over here.
I'm not so sure.
I doubt that.
Wait, let me rephrase that.
now that 's settled be good enough
We are going
"The trial cannot proceed," said the King, "until all the jurymen areback in their proper places--_all_," he repeated with great emphasis,looking hard at Alice.
why as to that i scarcely know what to say
It's not my cup of tea
twentyseven minutes yet sir .
Where is the restroom?
i might no i guess i ca n't
I can understand you. It just takes me longer to answer.
i suppose mr . hine is very rich ?
"Come, my head's free at last!" said Alice; but all she could see, whenshe looked down, was an immense length of neck, which seemed to riselike a stalk out of a sea of green leaves that lay far below her.
ca n't make us mad we 're in paris .
How is the wether?
"Off with her head!" the Queen shouted at the top of her voice. Nobodymoved.
yis ramstam 's firstchop boy
been up the statue of liberty i suppose ?
then i think i will go good night
sit down dear child .
Excuse me for interrupting.
watching a big performing bear
Can you help me, please?
we 're off !
"Of the mushroom," said the Caterpillar, just as if she had asked italoud; and in another moment, it was out of sight.
Alice heard the King say in a low voice to the company generally, "Youare all pardoned."Suddenly the cry "The Trial's beginning!" was heard in the distance, andAlice ran along with the others.
andthey have gone on giving it out in passion
"Wake up, Alice dear!" said her sister. "Why, what a long sleep you'vehad!""Oh, I've had such a curious dream!" said Alice. And she told hersister, as well as she could remember them, all these strange adventuresof hers that you have just been reading about. Alice got up and ran off,thinking while she ran, as well she might, what a wonderful dream it hadbeen.
"Cheshire-Puss," began Alice, rather timidly, "would you please tell mewhich way I ought to go from here?""In _that_ direction," the Cat said, waving the right paw 'round, "livesa Hatter; and in _that_ direction," waving the other paw, "lives a MarchHare. Visit either you like; they're both mad.""But I don't want to go among mad people," Alice remarked.
spare my poor soldiers spare my frenchmen generals
"Do you mean that you think you can find out the answer to it?" said theMarch Hare.
"If there's no meaning in it," said the King, "that saves a world oftrouble, you know, as we needn't try to find any. Let the jury considertheir verdict.""No, no!" said the Queen. "Sentence first--verdict afterwards.""Stuff and nonsense!" said Alice loudly. "The idea of having thesentence first!""Hold your tongue!" said the Queen, turning purple.
There was a table set out under a tree in front of the house, and theMarch Hare and the Hatter were having tea at it; a Dormouse was sittingbetween them, fast asleep.
yes uncle ranny
"Give your evidence," said the King, "and don't be nervous, or I'll haveyou executed on the spot."This did not seem to encourage the witness at all; he kept shifting fromone foot to the other, looking uneasily at the Queen, and, in hisconfusion, he bit a large piece out of his teacup instead of the breadand butter.
there ! this is his hat is it not ?
I don't doubt that.
"If you're going to turn into a pig, my dear," said Alice, "I'll havenothing more to do with you. Mind now!"Alice was just beginning to think to herself, "Now, what am I to do withthis creature, when I get it home?" when it grunted again so violentlythat Alice looked down into its face in some alarm. This time therecould be _no_ mistake about it--it was neither more nor less than a pig;so she set the little creature down and felt quite relieved to see ittrot away quietly into the wood.
"How am I to get in?" asked Alice.
thank you no .
"I don't think they play at all fairly," Alice said, in a rathercomplaining tone; "and they all quarrel so dreadfully one can't hearoneself speak--and they don't seem to have any rules in particular.""How do you like the Queen?" said the Cat in a low voice.
when did you buy it ?
Hand me that, please.
which of us is it for joe ?
Have a nice day.
How do ya' know?
Did you have a good weekend?
"Yes!" said Alice loudly.
What did you say?
Just then Alice ran across the Duchess (who was now out of prison). Shetucked her arm affectionately into Alice's and they walked off together.
What do you mean?
"You may go," said the King, and the Hatter hurriedly left the court.
thank you sir
I don't agree.
"Exactly so," said Alice.
Where should I go
i have agreed to nothing . i have said nothing
you wont help me ?
I don't agree.
lor ' mr gemp what do you mean ?
"Mary Ann! Mary Ann!" said the voice. "Fetch me my gloves this moment!"Then came a little pattering of feet on the stairs. Alice knew it wasthe Rabbit coming to look for her and she trembled till she shook thehouse, quite forgetting that she was now about a thousand times as largeas the Rabbit and had no reason to be afraid of it.
I go the opposite way
Do you know where
What is th definition__?
dearest the lamb
and he told you instead of me ?
What do you think about?
i know she 's a good girl
Then the Queen left off, quite out of breath, and walked away withAlice.
yes . are you ?
saved mr blurt 's life !
As Alice could not think of any good reason and the Caterpillar seemedto be in a _very_ unpleasant state of mind, she turned away.
I'm going back
What time is it?
What are you here for?
"Now, I give you fair warning," shouted the Queen, stamping on theground as she spoke, "either you or your head must be off, and that inabout half no time. Take your choice!" The Duchess took her choice, andwas gone in a moment.
"As if it wasn't trouble enough hatching the eggs," said the Pigeon,"but I must be on the look-out for serpents, night and day! And just asI'd taken the highest tree in the wood," continued the Pigeon, raisingits voice to a shriek, "and just as I was thinking I should be free ofthem at last, they must needs come wriggling down from the sky! Ugh,Serpent!""But I'm _not_ a serpent, I tell you!" said Alice. "I'm a--I'm a--I'm alittle girl," she added rather doubtfully, as she remembered the numberof changes she had gone through that day.
Out of the clear blue
"Found _it_," the Mouse replied rather crossly; "of course, you knowwhat 'it' means.""I know what 'it' means well enough, when _I_ find a thing," said theDuck; "it's generally a frog or a worm. The question is, what did thearchbishop find?"The Mouse did not notice this question, but hurriedly went on, "'--foundit advisable to go with Edgar Atheling to meet William and offer him thecrown.'--How are you getting on now, my dear?" it continued, turning toAlice as it spoke.
Alice was not a bit hurt, and she jumped up in a moment. She looked up,but it was all dark overhead; before her was another long passage andthe White Rabbit was still in sight, hurrying down it. There was not amoment to be lost. Away went Alice like the wind and was just in time tohear it say, as it turned a corner, "Oh, my ears and whiskers, how lateit's getting!" She was close behind it when she turned the corner, butthe Rabbit was no longer to be seen.
Suddenly she came upon a little table, all made of solid glass. Therewas nothing on it but a tiny golden key, and Alice's first idea was thatthis might belong to one of the doors of the hall; but, alas! either thelocks were too large, or the key was too small, but, at any rate, itwould not open any of them. However, on the second time 'round, she cameupon a low curtain she had not noticed before, and behind it was alittle door about fifteen inches high. She tried the little golden keyin the lock, and to her great delight, it fitted!
this man had the misfortune to have a blue beard
make your soul now shaun i have you .
known your friend long ?
"I wish I hadn't mentioned Dinah! Nobody seems to like her down here andI'm sure she's the best cat in the world!" Poor Alice began to cryagain, for she felt very lonely and low-spirited. In a little while,however, she again heard a little pattering of footsteps in the distanceand she looked up eagerly.
However, it was over at last and they sat down again in a ring andbegged the Mouse to tell them something more.
p . c . s . s .
do n't touch me
In a minute or two, the Caterpillar got down off the mushroom andcrawled away into the grass, merely remarking, as it went, "One sidewill make you grow taller, and the other side will make you growshorter.""One side of _what_? The other side of _what_?" thought Alice toherself.
cheers tremendous enthusiasm cheers
yes it 's doing fine
Sit on it.
well dear what did he say to you ?
good ! i will be with you .
"You promised to tell me your history, you know," said Alice, "and whyit is you hate--C and D," she added in a whisper, half afraid that itwould be offended again.
And yesterday things went on just as usual. _Was_ I the same when I gotup this morning? But if I'm not the same, the next question is, 'Who inthe world am I?' Ah, _that's_ the great puzzle!"As she said this, she looked down at her hands and was surprised to seethat she had put on one of the Rabbit's little white kid-gloves whileshe was talking. "How _can_ I have done that?" she thought. "I must begrowing small again." She got up and went to the table to measureherself by it and found that she was now about two feet high and wasgoing on shrinking rapidly. She soon found out that the cause of thiswas the fan she was holding and she dropped it hastily, just in time tosave herself from shrinking away altogether.
I would like to?
"Then you should say what you mean," the March Hare went on.
I want to stay
oh ! what is this ?
"Come on, then!" roared the Queen.
believe in everybody trust in nobody .
The table was a large one, but the three were all crowded together atone corner of it. "No room! No room!" they cried out when they saw Alicecoming. "There's _plenty_ of room!" said Alice indignantly, and she satdown in a large arm-chair at one end of the table.
"Nothing whatever," said Alice.
irene do you mean that ?
"She boxed the Queen's ears--" the Rabbit began.
There was dead silence in the court whilst the White Rabbit read out theverses.
Did you know that?
sha n't i ever see you again ?
and la rozeraie ?
no she isnt
doubt me not
I've been meaning to tell you
never in all her life
What's your name?
"Who are _you_?" said the Caterpillar.
which one ?
i am entirely at your eminences disposal
Sit over here with me.
how did you hear ?
yes but would you ?
if he asked me yes .
i really find it hotter than below
It unfolded its arms, took the hookah out of its mouth again, and said,"So you think you're changed, do you?""I'm afraid, I am, sir," said Alice. "I can't remember things as Iused--and I don't keep the same size for ten minutes together!""What size do you want to be?" asked the Caterpillar.
Don't be afraid to ask me questions.
yes you can .
d'you think men go to war for scientific reasons ?
"Oh, I'm not particular as to size," Alice hastily replied, "only onedoesn't like changing so often, you know. I should like to be a _little_larger, sir, if you wouldn't mind," said Alice. "Three inches is such awretched height to be.""It is a very good height indeed!" said the Caterpillar angrily, rearingitself upright as it spoke (it was exactly three inches high).
"They're dreadfully fond of beheading people here," thought Alice; "thegreat wonder is that there's anyone left alive!"She was looking about for some way of escape, when she noticed a curiousappearance in the air. "It's the Cheshire-Cat," she said to herself;"now I shall have somebody to talk to.""How are you getting on?" said the Cat.
"That's the most important piece of evidence we've heard yet," said theKing.
having hair of that dreadful colour .
"My name is Alice, so please Your Majesty," said Alice very politely;but she added to herself, "Why, they're only a pack of cards, afterall!""Can you play croquet?" shouted the Queen. The question was evidentlymeant for Alice.
No, I meant something else.
it is really like a tartar journey
At last the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of some authority amongthem, called out, "Sit down, all of you, and listen to me! _I'll_ soonmake you dry enough!" They all sat down at once, in a large ring, withthe Mouse in the middle.
A large rose-tree stood near the entrance of the garden; the rosesgrowing on it were white, but there were three gardeners at it, busilypainting them red. Suddenly their eyes chanced to fall upon Alice, asshe stood watching them. "Would you tell me, please," said Alice, alittle timidly, "why you are painting those roses?"Five and Seven said nothing, but looked at Two. Two began, in a lowvoice, "Why, the fact is, you see, Miss, this here ought to have been a_red_ rose-tree, and we put a white one in by mistake; and, if the Queenwas to find it out, we should all have our heads cut off, you know. Soyou see, Miss, we're doing our best, afore she comes, to--" At thismoment, Five, who had been anxiously looking across the garden, calledout, "The Queen! The Queen!" and the three gardeners instantly threwthemselves flat upon their faces. There was a sound of many footstepsand Alice looked 'round, eager to see the Queen.
side by side
See you later.
"Oh, you can't help that," said the Cat; "we're all mad here. Do youplay croquet with the Queen to-day?""I should like it very much," said Alice, "but I haven't been invitedyet.""You'll see me there," said the Cat, and vanished.
I don't doubt that.
that i can believe .
Where is it?
"At any rate, I'll never go _there_ again!" said Alice, as she pickedher way through the wood. "It's the stupidest tea-party I ever was at inall my life!" Just as she said this, she noticed that one of the treeshad a door leading right into it. "That's very curious!" she thought. "Ithink I may as well go in at once." And in she went.
johnnie hedge 't is
you are most welcome to it .
he has plenty of powder and some tin cans
This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and withalmost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away orre-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License includedwith this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.orgTitle: Alice in WonderlandAuthor: Lewis CarrollIllustrator: Gordon RobinsonRelease Date: August 12, 2006Language: EnglishProduced by Jason Isbell, Irma Spehar, and the OnlineDistributed Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.netCopyright, 1916,Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on thebank, and of having nothing to do. Once or twice she had peeped into thebook her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations init, "and what is the use of a book," thought Alice, "without pictures orconversations?"So she was considering in her own mind (as well as she could, for theday made her feel very sleepy and stupid), whether the pleasure ofmaking a daisy-chain would be worth the trouble of getting up andpicking the daisies, when suddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes ranclose by her.
First came ten soldiers carrying clubs, with their hands and feet at thecorners: next the ten courtiers; these were ornamented all over withdiamonds. After these came the royal children; there were ten of them,all ornamented with hearts. Next came the guests, mostly Kings andQueens, and among them Alice recognized the White Rabbit. Then followedthe Knave of Hearts, carrying the King's crown on a crimson velvetWhen the procession came opposite to Alice, they all stopped and lookedat her, and the Queen said severely, "Who is this?" She said it to theKnave of Hearts, who only bowed and smiled in reply.
Once more she found herself in the long hall and close to the littleglass table. Taking the little golden key, she unlocked the door thatled into the garden. Then she set to work nibbling at the mushroom (shehad kept a piece of it in her pocket) till she was about a foot high;then she walked down the little passage; and _then_--she found herselfat last in the beautiful garden, among the bright flower-beds and thecool fountains.
"And now which is which?" she said to herself, and nibbled a little ofthe right-hand bit to try the effect. The next moment she felt a violentblow underneath her chin--it had struck her foot!
_won't_ she be savage if I've kept her waiting!"When the Rabbit came near her, Alice began, in a low, timid voice, "Ifyou please, sir--" The Rabbit started violently, dropped the whitekid-gloves and the fan and skurried away into the darkness as hard as hecould go.
i have loved you from the first .
Where are you going?
a tailor and for what ?
Just like a dream
"Serpent!" cried the Pigeon.
i must go
"It _is_ a long tail, certainly," said Alice, looking down with wonderat the Mouse's tail, "but why do you call it sad?" And she kept onpuzzling about it while the Mouse was speaking, so that her idea of thetale was something like this:--"Fury said toa mouse, Thathe met in thehouse, 'Letus both goto law: _I_will prosecute_you_.--Come, I'lltake no denial:Wemust havethe trial;For reallythis morningI'venothingto do.'Said themouse tothe cur,'Such atrial, dearsir, Withno juryor judge,wouldbe wastingourbreath.''I'll bejudge,I'll bejury,'saidcunningoldFury;'I'lltrythewholecause,andcondemnyou todeath.'""You are not attending!" said the Mouse to Alice, severely. "What areyou thinking of?""I beg your pardon," said Alice very humbly, "you had got to the fifthbend, I think?""You insult me by talking such nonsense!" said the Mouse, getting up andwalking away.
"Oh, _please_ mind what you're doing!" cried Alice, jumping up and downin an agony of terror.
"What do you know about this business?" the King said to Alice.
Just then she heard something splashing about in the pool a little wayoff, and she swam nearer to see what it was: she soon made out that itwas only a mouse that had slipped in like herself.
how far is oregon ?
and shoot himself ?
Would you make a phone call for me.
I may not even go back
"Come, there's no use in crying like that!" said Alice to herself rathersharply. "I advise you to leave off this minute!" She generally gaveherself very good advice (though she very seldom followed it), andsometimes she scolded herself so severely as to bring tears into hereyes.
well lets to business
probably it is worse .
"I do," Alice hastily replied; "at least--at least I mean what Isay--that's the same thing, you know.""You might just as well say," added the Dormouse, which seemed to betalking in its sleep, "that 'I breathe when I sleep' is the same thingas 'I sleep when I breathe!'""It _is_ the same thing with you," said the Hatter, and he poured alittle hot tea upon its nose. The Dormouse shook its head impatientlyand said, without opening its eyes, "Of course, of course; just what Iwas going to remark myself.""Have you guessed the riddle yet?" the Hatter said, turning to Aliceagain.
what 's freddie crying for ?
Leave me alone.
"Give your evidence," said the King.
What a joke.
i do n't understand about the three years
"Not at all," said Alice.
By this time, Alice had found her way into a tidy little room with atable in the window, and on it a fan and two or three pairs of tinywhite kid-gloves; she took up the fan and a pair of the gloves and wasjust going to leave the room, when her eyes fell upon a little bottlethat stood near the looking-glass. She uncorked it and put it to herlips, saying to herself, "I do hope it'll make me grow large again, for,really, I'm quite tired of being such a tiny little thing!"Before she had drunk half the bottle, she found her head pressingagainst the ceiling, and had to stoop to save her neck from beingbroken. She hastily put down the bottle, remarking, "That's quiteenough--I hope I sha'n't grow any more."Alas! It was too late to wish that! She went on growing and growing andvery soon she had to kneel down on the floor. Still she went on growing,and, as a last resource, she put one arm out of the window and one footup the chimney, and said to herself, "Now I can do no more, whateverhappens. What _will_ become of me?"Luckily for Alice, the little magic bottle had now had its full effectand she grew no larger. After a few minutes she heard a voice outsideand stopped to listen.
There was nothing so very remarkable in that, nor did Alice think it sovery much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to itself, "Oh dear! Ohdear! I shall be too late!" But when the Rabbit actually took a watchout of its waistcoat-pocket and looked at it and then hurried on, Alicestarted to her feet, for it flashed across her mind that she had neverbefore seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a watch to takeout of it, and, burning with curiosity, she ran across the field afterit and was just in time to see it pop down a large rabbit-hole, underthe hedge. In another moment, down went Alice after it!
and i for him .
Is that your real voice?
"That _was_ a narrow escape!" said Alice, a good deal frightened at thesudden change, but very glad to find herself still in existence. "Andnow for the garden!" And she ran with all speed back to the little door;but, alas! the little door was shut again and the little golden key waslying on the glass table as before. "Things are worse than ever,"thought the poor child, "for I never was so small as this before,never!"As she said these words, her foot slipped, and in another moment,splash! she was up to her chin in salt-water. Her first idea was thatshe had somehow fallen into the sea. However, she soon made out that shewas in the pool of tears which she had wept when she was nine feet high.
"Come back!" the Caterpillar called after her. "I've something importantto say!" Alice turned and came back again.
I get it.
I I'm sorry, but I have an appointment now.
I want to go
i find it damnably dangerous .
wild jack is not utterly friendless
"Oh, I _beg_ your pardon!" she exclaimed in a tone of great dismay.
Whose is that?
Tell me about yourself.
There's more over there
Where do you work?
"--'And even Stigand, the patriotic archbishop of Canterbury, found itadvisable'--""Found _what_?" said the Duck.
"Mine is a long and a sad tale!" said the Mouse, turning to Alice andsighing.
Once in a blue moon
hello . mr . murch 's office ?
"You ought to have finished," said the King. "When did you begin?"The Hatter looked at the March Hare, who had followed him into thecourt, arm in arm with the Dormouse. "Fourteenth of March, I _think_ itwas," he said.
Alice remained looking thoughtfully at the mushroom for a minute, tryingto make out which were the two sides of it. At last she stretched herarms 'round it as far as they would go, and broke off a bit of the edgewith each hand.
all right !
How's it going?
i hope not .
Tell me about?
Off the deep end
She found herself in a long, low hall, which was lit up by a row oflamps hanging from the roof. There were doors all 'round the hall, butthey were all locked; and when Alice had been all the way down one sideand up the other, trying every door, she walked sadly down the middle,wondering how she was ever to get out again.
It was so long since she had been anything near the right size that itfelt quite strange at first. "The next thing is to get into thatbeautiful garden--how _is_ that to be done, I wonder?" As she said this,she came suddenly upon an open place, with a little house in it aboutfour feet high. "Whoever lives there," thought Alice, "it'll never do tocome upon them _this_ size; why, I should frighten them out of theirwits!" She did not venture to go near the house till she had broughtherself down to nine inches high.
Presently the Rabbit came up to the door and tried to open it; but asthe door opened inwards and Alice's elbow was pressed hard against it,that attempt proved a failure. Alice heard it say to itself, "Then I'llgo 'round and get in at the window.""_That_ you won't!" thought Alice; and after waiting till she fanciedshe heard the Rabbit just under the window, she suddenly spread out herhand and made a snatch in the air. She did not get hold of anything,but she heard a little shriek and a fall and a crash of broken glass,from which she concluded that it was just possible it had fallen into acucumber-frame or something of that sort.
pure air .
Very soon the Rabbit noticed Alice, and called to her, in an angry tone,"Why, Mary Ann, what _are_ you doing out here? Run home this moment andfetch me a pair of gloves and a fan! Quick, now!""He took me for his housemaid!" said Alice, as she ran off. "Howsurprised he'll be when he finds out who I am!" As she said this, shecame upon a neat little house, on the door of which was a bright brassknocking and hurried upstairs, in great fear lest she should meet thereal Mary Ann and be turned out of the house before she had found thefan and gloves.
Either the well was very deep, or she fell very slowly, for she hadplenty of time, as she went down, to look about her. First, she tried tomake out what she was coming to, but it was too dark to see anything;then she looked at the sides of the well and noticed that they werefilled with cupboards and book-shelves; here and there she saw maps andpictures hung upon pegs. She took down a jar from one of the shelves asdisappointment, it was empty; she did not like to drop the jar, somanaged to put it into one of the cupboards as she fell past it.
Just a minute, let me think about that.
Say that again, I missed it.
peterspeak ! speak to me peter !
I think I could, if I only knew how to begin."Alice went back to the table, half hoping she might find another key onit, or at any rate, a book of rules for shutting people up liketelescopes. This time she found a little bottle on it ("which certainlywas not here before," said Alice), and tied 'round the neck of theon it in large letters.
Would you like to go with me?
That's a possibility.
She went on shedding gallons of tears, until there was a large pool all'round her and reaching half down the hall.
Do you really think so?
yesperhaps a little taller .
here your highness can see the actual explosion taking place
"_I_ don't believe there's an atom of meaning in it," ventured Alice.
what is the science you learnt ? i learnt sooth
i had just as lief dear .
Please turn that on (off) for me.
I'll meet you there
So she called softly after it, "Mouse dear! Do come back again, and wewon't talk about cats, or dogs either, if you don't like them!" When theMouse heard this, it turned 'round and swam slowly back to her; its facewas quite pale, and it said, in a low, trembling voice, "Let us get tothe shore and then I'll tell you my history and you'll understand why itis I hate cats and dogs."It was high time to go, for the pool was getting quite crowded with thebirds and animals that had fallen into it; there were a Duck and a Dodo,a Lory and an Eaglet, and several other curious creatures. Alice led theway and the whole party swam to the shore.
that is quite different .
Down, down, down! Would the fall never come to an end? There was nothingelse to do, so Alice soon began talking to herself. "Dinah'll miss mevery much to-night, I should think!" (Dinah was the cat.) "I hopethey'll remember her saucer of milk at tea-time. Dinah, my dear, I wishyou were down here with me!" Alice felt that she was dozing off, whensuddenly, thump! thump! down she came upon a heap of sticks and dryleaves, and the fall was over.
my father ! what was he ?
Who was that?
green tree hullo ! slayers of nine .
"Where _have_ my shoulders got to? And oh, my poor hands, how is it Ican't see you?" She was delighted to find that her neck would bendabout easily in any direction, like a serpent. She had just succeeded incurving it down into a graceful zigzag and was going to dive in amongthe leaves, when a sharp hiss made her draw back in a hurry--a largepigeon had flown into her face and was beating her violently with itswings.
The first question, of course, was how to get dry again. They had aconsultation about this and after a few minutes, it seemed quite naturalto Alice to find herself talking familiarly with them, as if she hadknown them all her life.
mainly i believe but perhaps not entirely .
"It's--it's a very fine day!" said a timid voice to Alice. She waswalking by the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face.
Alice was a little startled by seeing the Cheshire-Cat sitting on abough of a tree a few yards off. The Cat only grinned when it saw her.
What do you think of my artificial voice?
come to order ! every camp must qualify .
*       *       *       *       *"What a curious feeling!" said Alice. "I must be shutting up like atelescope!"And so it was indeed! She was now only ten inches high, and her facebrightened up at the thought that she was now the right size for goingthrough the little door into that lovely garden.
what meaneth it ?
nay honey it is i thy marian thy nurse .
Alice gave a weary sigh. "I think you might do something better with thetime," she said, "than wasting it in asking riddles that have noanswers.""Take some more tea," the March Hare said to Alice, very earnestly.
Poor Alice! It was as much as she could do, lying down on one side, tolook through into the garden with one eye; but to get through was morehopeless than ever. She sat down and began to cry again.
Bill's got the other--Bill! Here, Bill! Will the roof bear?--Who's to godown the chimney?--Nay, _I_ sha'n't! _You_ do it! Here, Bill! The mastersays you've got to go down the chimney!"Alice drew her foot as far down the chimney as she could and waited tillshe heard a little animal scratching and scrambling about in the chimneyclose above her; then she gave one sharp kick and waited to see whatwould happen next.
what are you signore moretti ?
I don't think so.
goodby mr . holman goodby mrs . holman